hey everybody this is making sweet
creations and I just wanted to show you
a little tip here I have white cabinets
the color of these cabinets are pretty
much like a clean crisp white they're
not an off-white so what I do
drop my cap um I got this pen today it
Michaels it is um not really sure what
kind of pen it is I was kind of looking
for a paint pen which I couldn't find
there but they do make paint pens but
this is just some sort of like craft pen
but it's it's actually more like a
marker it's got a pretty decent tip on
it and I actually just wanted to do some
touch-ups on the corners
I know sometimes like down here I bump
my vacuum on the corner and I just
wanted to do some little touch-ups on
the corners and here there's just a seam
and I went all the way to here I'm not
sure if you guys I can get a better
angle here yeah you can see from the tip
up it's kind of clean and white and from
here down it's just kind of like how
it's always been and so I'm taking this
paint pen and I'm just going along the
seams here like this to kind of color it
in and just make it um look better it
may seem a little OCD or kind of weird
but anyways I don't know I just like
doing little stuff like that and also
I'm going to show you guys over here is
my pantry door and I have the Shelf here
and so once in a while so I'm gonna open
it really wide and it'll hit the corner
of the shelf here and it just put like a
little nick in the door and actually um
I was looking for it so I know where it
is now but I filled it in with that same
pen right here and so you can't even see
it so it's just an idea if you have
white cabinets and you need to do little
touch-ups get a little pen like this
or better yet here you can see the tip
better and I got this at Michael's it's
just a craft pen but it works just as
well it doesn't rub off or you can go to
another craft store that has actual
paint pens so just an idea for you guys
you